you can tell who you can really rely on based on two things. Number one,
they're experience. If they have a long history of actually doing
right things, um, then you can tell who the superstars of every unit
are gonna be. And number two, um, as a result of that, as a consequence
of that, what people are saying about them Hey, you know what?
Um, you just came into the unit. You should go talk to X, Y and Z.
You'll always get that. Um, it's, uh, From what I've understood, it's
mostly been some kind of first class from some kind of hotshot first
class whose, uh, checked all the boxes, and you can really get a
lot of critical information from the superstars.